Update documentation for new install/deplyoment patterns with npm/node (#4119)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/development/core/release-checklist.md

### Bump the Version

> Update the package version using `invoke version`. This command shows the current version of the project or bumps the version of the project and writes the new version back to `pyproject.toml`(for Nautobot) and `package.json`(for NautobotUI) if a valid bump rule is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the package version using `invoke version`. This command shows the current version of the project or bumps the version of the project and writes the new version back to `pyproject.toml` (for the Nautobot Python package) and `package.json` (for the Nautobot UI) if a valid bump rule is provided.
```

  node: '18.16.1',
  ...
}
```

Bump pre-release versions using `prerelease`:

```no-highlight
invoke version -v prerelease
```

Example output:

```no-highlight
v2.0.0-beta.3
```

For major versions, use `major`:

```no-highlight
invoke version -v major
```

Example output:

```no-highlight
v3.0.0
```

For patch versions, use `minor`:

```no-highlight
invoke version minor
```

Example output:

```no-highlight
v2.1.0
```

And lastly, for patch versions, you guessed it, use `patch`:

```no-highlight
invoke version patch
```

Example output:

```no-highlight
v2.0.1
```

The `invoke version [<version>]` command internally runs `poetry version` and `npm version` commands to handle the versioning process. However, there might be cases where you need to manually configure the version. Here's how you can do that:

* **Poetry Version**: If you want to manually set the version for the Python dependencies managed by Poetry, you can refer to the [Poetry documentation](https://python-poetry.org/docs/cli/#version) on version for detailed instructions. It provides information on how to set the version directly in the `pyproject.toml` file or update it using the `poetry version` command.

> * **npm Version**: To manually configure the version for the Node.js packages managed by npm, you can refer to the official [npm documentation](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v9/commands/npm-version) on npm version for more information. It explains how to set the version directly in the `package.json` file or update it using the npm version command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **npm Version**: To manually configure the version for the Node.js packages managed by npm, you can refer to the official [npm documentation](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v9/commands/npm-version) on `npm version` for more information. It explains how to set the version directly in the `package.json` file or update it using the `npm version` command.
```
